FF142 Relnote Animation.commitStyles no longer requires fill (#40611)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/142/index.md

#### DOM

- The {{domxref("Selection.getComposedRanges()")}} method is now supported, allowing developers to accurately get selected text ranges across shadow DOM boundaries. In addition, the methods {{domxref("Selection.setBaseAndExtent()","setBaseAndExtent()")}}, {{domxref("Selection.collapse()","collapse()")}}, and {{domxref("Selection.extend()","extend()")}} of the {{domxref("Selection")}} interface have been modified to accept nodes inside a shadow root. ([Firefox bug 1903870](https://bugzil.la/1903870)).

> - The {{domxref("Animation.commitStyles()")}} method no longer requires that [`fill`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyframeEffect/KeyframeEffect#fill) is set on an animation in order to commit the computed styles after the animation has finished. Note that until more browsers support this change, code should continue to set `fill`. ([Firefox bug 19197320303870](https://bugzil.la/1973203)).

Reviewer: Can drop a few words to make it more compact. Also, there's a typo in the bug number
```suggestion
- The {{domxref("Animation.commitStyles()")}} method no longer requires [`fill`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/KeyframeEffect/KeyframeEffect#fill) to be set on an animation to commit the computed styles after the animation has finished. Note that until more browsers support this change, you should continue to set `fill`. ([Firefox bug 1973203](https://bugzil.la/1973203)).
```
